# Image classification

### Introduction
This repository contains source code generated by [Luminide](https://luminide.com). It may be used to train, validate and tune deep learning models for image classification. The following directory structure is assumed:
```
├── code (source code)
├── input (dataset)
└── output (working directory)
```

The dataset should have images inside a directory named `train_images` and a CSV file named `train.csv`. An example is shown below:

```
input
├── train.csv
└── train_images
    ├── 800113bb65efe69e.jpg
    ├── 8002cb321f8bfcdf.jpg
    ├── 80070f7fb5e2ccaa.jpg
```

The CSV file is expected to have labels under a column named `labels` as in the example below:

```
image,labels
800113bb65efe69e.jpg,healthy
8002cb321f8bfcdf.jpg,scab frog_eye_leaf_spot complex
80070f7fb5e2ccaa.jpg,scab
```
If an item has multiple labels, they should be separated by a space character as shown.

### Using this repo with Luminide
- Attach a Compute Server and download a dataset. An example dataset is available at gs://luminide-example-plant-pathology.
- For exploratory analysis, run [eda.ipynb](eda.ipynb).
- To train, use the `Run Experiment` menu.
- To monitor training progress, use the `Experiment Visualization` menu.
- To tune the hyperparameters, edit [sweep.yaml](sweep.yaml) as desired and launch a sweep from the `Run Experiment` tab.
- After an experiment is complete, use the file browser on the IDE interface to access the results on the IDE Server.
- Use the `Experiment Tracking` menu to track experiments.

- To use this repo for a Kaggle code competition:
    - Configure your [Kaggle API token](https://github.com/Kaggle/kaggle-api) on the `Import Data` tab.
    - Run [kaggle.sh](kaggle.sh) as a custom experiment to upload the code to Kaggle.
    - To create a submission, copy [kaggle.ipynb](kaggle.ipynb) to a new Kaggle notebook and run it.

Note: As configured, the code trains on 10% of the data. To train on the entire dataset, edit `full.sh` and `fast.sh` to remove the `--subset` command line parameter so that the default value of 100 is used.


For more detailed documentation, see the [Luminide Tutorial](https://docs.luminide.com/docs/tutorial)
